contributing-device-support.md: Rework repo transfer and autokit requ… (#3367)
balena-os/meta-balena: contributing-device-support.md

## Step 2: Contact balena

When you have completed the development of the yocto board support repository as detailed in the previous step, please get in touch with balena to finish the process of having your board available in the balenaCloud dashboard.  
Your board repository needs to be hosted in the [balena-os GitHub organization](https://github.com/balena-os). The repository transfer needs to be made to a balena team member. To transfer, go to your yocto board GitHub repository and click the

> `Settings` button on the top. On the `General` page scroll to the botton, over to `Danger Zone` and click on `Transfer` then select `Specify an organization or username` and fill in the balena team member username that you agreed on with balena.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Settings` button on the top. On the `General` page scroll to the bottom, over to `Danger Zone` and click on `Transfer` then select `Specify an organization or username` and fill in the balena team member username that you agreed on with balena.
```

Reviewer: s/botton/bottom

Reviewer: PR should be good to go after this

## Step 2: Contact balena

> When you have completed the development of the yocto board support repository as detailed in the previous step, please get in touch with balena to finish the process of having your board available in the balena dashboard.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have completed the development of the yocto board support repository as detailed in the previous step, please get in touch with balena to finish the process of having your board available in the balenaCloud dashboard.  
```

Your board repository needs to be hosted in [balena-os GitHub organization](https://github.com/balena-os). The repository transfer is done to a balena team member (go to the repository GitHub UI and navigate to

> `Settings` -> `General` and scroll all the way to the botton over to `Danger Zone` and click on `Transfer` then select `Specify an organization or username` and fill in the balena team member username that you agreed on with balena).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Settings` button on the top. On the `General` page and scroll to the bottom, over to `Danger Zone` and click on `Transfer` then select `Specify an organization or username` and fill in the balena team member username that you agreed on with balena.
```

ideally we should link this in case github ever changes their UI which is every couple of years https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/transferring-a-repository#transferring-a-repository-owned-by-your-organization

> Depending on your needs and upon agreeing with balena, this new repository can be hosted either as a public repository for everyone to access or hosted privately with access only to selected users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your needs and upon agreeing with balena, this new repository can be hosted either as a public repository for everyone to access or hosted privately with access provided to selected users.
```

> For private repositories you also need to supply balena a list with github usernames of the contributors to the future private repository and balena will add them as outside collaborators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For private repositories, you would also need to supply balena a list of GitHub usernames of contributors that need to be provided access to the future private repository. Balena will add them as outside collaborators.
```
